README.md, before:

# Software Engineering Assignment

Project Name: Stock Management System.

## Table of contents
1. Introduction
2. Technologies
3. Project status
4. Installation
5. License

## Introduction
Design and development of Stock Management System architecture.

- Course Name: SOFTWARE ENGINEERING
- Course Code: 15CS2105
- Course Credits: 4
- Academic Year: 2016 - 17

### UML Diagrams
#### Use case diagram
![Use case diagram](/resources/UseCaseDiagram.png)
- Navigate to Use case diagram [markdown source code](useCaseDiagram.iuml).

#### Class diagram

#### Sequence diagram

#### Activity diagram
![Activity diagram](/resources/ActivityDiagram.png)
- Navigate to Activity diagram [markdown source code](activityDiagram.iuml).

![Activity diagram](/resources/ActivityDiagramAdmin.png)
- Navigate to Activity diagram [markdown source code](activityDiagramAdmin.iuml).

## Technologies
- Markdown

## Project status
> **WIP**

## Installation
### Get repository
```git
git https://github.com/msaf9/SoftwareEngineeringProject.git
cd SoftwareEngineeringProject
```

## License

Commit message:

Added Class and Sequence diagrams URLs

README.md, after:

# Software Engineering Assignment

Project Name: Stock Management System.

## Table of contents
1. Introduction
2. Technologies
3. Project status
4. Installation
5. License

## Introduction
Design and development of Stock Management System architecture.

- Course Name: SOFTWARE ENGINEERING
- Course Code: 15CS2105
- Course Credits: 4
- Academic Year: 2016 - 17

### UML Diagrams
#### Use case diagram
![Use case diagram](/resources/UseCaseDiagram.png)
- Navigate to Use case diagram [markdown source code](useCaseDiagram.iuml).

#### Class diagram
- Navigate to [Class diagram](classDiagram.md).

#### Sequence diagram
- Navigate to [Sequence diagram](SequenceDiagram.md).

#### Activity diagram
![Activity diagram](/resources/ActivityDiagram.png)
- Navigate to Activity diagram [markdown source code](activityDiagram.iuml).

![Activity diagram](/resources/ActivityDiagramAdmin.png)
- Navigate to Activity diagram [markdown source code](activityDiagramAdmin.iuml).

## Technologies
- Markdown

## Project status
> **WIP**

## Installation
### Get repository
```git
git https://github.com/msaf9/SoftwareEngineeringProject.git
cd SoftwareEngineeringProject
```

## License
